Now where should you go from this point on?
I can only recommend that you practice, practice and practice the grid.
In the last lecture of this module, you'll find useful links for the grid, like the Mozilla development
articles series on it and this is a great way for you to dive deeper, to read all about the grid,
so in case you want to dive deeper into some concept, this might be easier than watching all the videos
again,
so the videos combined with this article will especially be a great combination and there, you also find
plenty of examples with which you can easily play around
besides the examples in this course.
The best thing to master the grid however is to simply start building layouts and whatever you want to
build with the grid.
Set yourself challenges, rebuild certain layouts you see on other web pages,
try to position elements in a different way and dive into the documentation
if you're getting stuck. This is how you can learn it all,
the grid can look super intimidating because it has so many different properties and ways of achieving
certain looks,
the important thing for you is
there's more than one way to achieve a certain result and definitely play around with them to get
a feeling for which one works best for you,
there's not much you can do wrong here.
There are a lot of possibilities used to achieve one and the same thing
but this also means it's fine if you found one way that works for you.
So with that, I hope this was helpful and we'll move on with this course.